Germs!
It's kill or be killed
in the great warfare in your home.
Of all the places in your home,
your carpet is the battleground
where the fighting is the nastiest.
That's where I come in.
Mystaspot.
Ordinary cleaners leave stains,
dirt, germs, and life behind.
I don't!
I kill everything.
I clean and disinfect the toughest stains...
And kill ninety-nine point nine percent
of germs and living tissue.
I can cleanse a crimescene,
or strip a baby to the bone in less than an hour.
Mystaspot.
Destroys away wine stains...
dead!
Mud...
Cat Vomit...
dead!
Including the cat.
Moonblood, whatever it is,
it's dead!
Coffee,
b-bye,
you're dead!
Dead Cheerleader,
you're still dead!
And ink stains...
dead!
Dead!
Your teenager is shooting DNA
on every surface of the house...
Mystaspot cleans it away.
If ya want, it'll even clean
him away.
Mystaspot
A squirt is all you need.
Then boom, nothing lives on!